separate turbo brain technology is
brought to you by several brain tech an
initiative of first global india's most
trusted corporate house for more than 20
years sarah turbo brain is a brain
exercise technique with helper
cutting-edge technology for brain
enhancement brain is the most important
organ of our body which determines our
abilities and also our disabilities
understanding brain functions and using
it for our purpose as for long in the
quest for scientists researchers
technologists and several other
enthusiasts one of the probably most
important parts of our brain is
prefrontal cortex or in short PFC PFC is
executive decision maker for our
everyday life it determines our presence
of mind PFC is mainly responsible for
good memory focus problem solving
judgement and social behavior just like
any other part of our body PFC needs
adequate blood flow for healthy
development the blood flow in PFC is
called cerebral blood flow or CBF if you
need your hand to be strong you pick
wait and go to gin while exercising the
blood flow in your hand increases
resulting into giving you more oxygen
and more energy for building tissues
exactly in the same way PFC needs
specific exercises to increase blood
flow and improve oxygenation for more
energy and building strength sebra turbo
brain exactly identifies the cerebral
blood flow and sets up a reward system
for brain to improve and develop
strength and systematic manner a surface
sensor is placed on the forehead the
surface sensor through a complex pair of
light sensors measures the amount of
cerebral blood flow into the brain and
displays the level on the computer in
real-time meanwhile the Train watches a
DVD movie on the computer screen when
the Train is alert and focused the
amount of blood flow into his frontal
cortex exceeds the threshold level and
the on-screen activity the movie for
example continues but the moment the
trains attention wanders the blood flow
decreases and falls below the threshold
and the unscreened activity stops then
the train again as to focus back and get
the on-screen activity to restart by
getting a cerebral frontal cortex blood
flowed back about the threshold level as
you can see this amazing technology
allows the train to control the computer
by his own brains activity remotely and
wirelessly
this don't stop sequence is done for 30
minutes in each session two to three
times per week this increased cerebral
blood flow enhances the brain
particularly the funnel in prefrontal
cortex which is the area just under the
forehead but what exactly happens inside
the brain the trans brain does two very
important activities angiogenesis due to
increased blood flow there's formation
of new capillaries inside of the genesis
which is the process of formation of new
connection between neurons thus the
brain gets completely new infrastructure
and gains strength this infrastructure
and strength becomes vital for brain for
improving focus memory it brings an
overall calmness to behavior for optimal
performance brain is the smartest organ
of all our body parts it has a unique
ability of homeostasis unlike other
parts of the body it maintains its
improved level after adequately reaching
it 40 sessions of saratoga brain is
considered to be enough for a person to
reach improved level number of sessions
also depends on person to person because
of their uniqueness the Oxford study
states the size of the prefrontal cortex
determine social relationships amongst
many other attributes that set human
beings at